---
layout: default
head.title: Bunny's Blog
description: Anything about Bunny
title: About
---

::hero
---
image: './avatar.png'
---

#title
Hi, I am BunnyBit.
#description

- Currently is a software engineer in KKBOX.
- My areas of expertise web frontend technologies, video and audio streaming, desktop app building, web crawling, DevOps, and video digital rights management.
- My tech stack includes JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, Vue.js 2/3, Vuex, Pinia, Electron.js, GitLab CI, and Shaka Player.
::

In the realm of web frontend technologies, I excel at using the Vue.js framework and managing states through Vuex and Pinia. I also have a wealth of experience in video and audio streaming, leveraging Shaka Player to implement streaming technology and ensure a high-quality streaming experience. Additionally, I have a strong background in desktop app development, building cross-platform applications with Electron.js.

I'm also adept at web crawling, using Python and relevant libraries to carry out data scraping and processing. In terms of DevOps, I'm familiar with GitLab CI and related tools, enabling automated deployment and continuous integration. Furthermore, I have experience in video digital rights management, utilizing relevant technologies to implement video copyright protection and management.

Overall, I'm a versatile engineer with extensive technical skills and experience, able to independently or collaboratively develop various web, desktop, and data management projects.
